README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login page 
- Add Sign in/Sign up form
- Form validation
- useRef
- Firebase setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create sign up user account
- Implement sign in user API by firebase
- Created redux store w user slice
- Implemented sign out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in redirect /browse to Login page & vice versa
- Unsubsribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Register to TMDB API, create an app & get an access token
- Get data from TMDB Now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update store with now playing movies data
- Planning for main container and secondary container
- Fetch data for trailer video
- Custom hook for movie trailer video
- Update store with movie trailer video data
- Embedded the YouTube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind classes to make main container look awesome
- Build secondary component
- Build movieList
- Build movieCard
- TMDB Img CDN Url
- Use Tailwind css to make UI beautiful
- Create custom hooks to fetch each movieList
- GPT Search page
- GPT Searchbar
- (BONUS) Multi-language support in GPT Search

# Features

- Login/Sign up
    - Sign in/Sign up form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in Background
        - Title and description
        - Movie Suggestions
            MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

add functionality to GptSearch & display results
- make gpt api call to receive 5 movie names
- fetch individual movies from TMDB API
- display these movies in GPT page by reusing the MovieList component
- create .env file and add to .gitignore

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login page 
- Add Sign in/Sign up form
- Form validation
- useRef
- Firebase setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create sign up user account
- Implement sign in user API by firebase
- Created redux store w user slice
- Implemented sign out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in redirect /browse to Login page & vice versa
- Unsubsribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Register to TMDB API, create an app & get an access token
- Get data from TMDB Now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update store with now playing movies data
- Planning for main container and secondary container
- Fetch data for trailer video
- Custom hook for movie trailer video
- Update store with movie trailer video data
- Embedded the YouTube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind classes to make main container look awesome
- Build secondary component
- Build movieList
- Build movieCard
- TMDB Img CDN Url
- Use Tailwind css to make UI beautiful
- Create custom hooks to fetch each movieList
- GPT Search page
- GPT Searchbar
- (BONUS) Multi-language support in GPT Search
- Get OpenAI API key
- Get Movies from GPT api from GPT search bar
- Fetch individual movies from TMDB API using movieNames received from GPT API
- Store these TMDB-fetched movies in gpt slice of store
- Reuse MovieList component to display the different movies in GPT page
- Add .env file
- Add .env file to .gitignore 

# Features

- Login/Sign up
    - Sign in/Sign up form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in Background
        - Title and description
        - Movie Suggestions
            MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions
